Hello snow
You're finally back.
The location of the live streaming host is always waiting for you. What time is his program on?
Of course prime time
With the support of the Zhao family, our show will definitely explode again
OK, well done.
I'm his boyfriend after all.
These are the favors I should help
The boss is out of touch, what are you doing wrong?
Didn't he go back to Zhou's house? No
His whereabouts are unknown now
No one can contact him
Just like this, you still want Zhao Linan all the time. I really feel worthless for the boss if you dump him.
So are you alright?
Okay.
What's wrong with me?
Congratulations, you are pregnant.
Don't worry, the outside world only knows that you are too stressed and hospitalized.
Pregnancy won't be a secret for you
Thank you. I guess you'll deliver the baby?
You haven't made it clear that you have a crush on him for 10 years
Now here's another shocking secret
I really know him and kill me later. I'll keep this secret for him.
Don't let others know